Update Sponsored Fees docs with latest changes (#223)
ripple/opensource.ripple.com: docs/xls-68-sponsored-fees-and-reserves/concepts/sponsored-fees-and-reserves.md

For example, consider Spencer (sponsor) who wants to cover costs for Alice (sponsee):

> - **Co-signing**: Alice constructs her transaction, including Spencer's account and the sponsorship type. Both parties then sign the same transaction. This gives Spencer fine-grained control over every sponsored transaction.

Reviewer: Is this like `LoanSet` where party 1 signs the transaction, and then party 2 signs the _signed_ transaction?

Author: Yeah pretty much the same 👍🏾

Reviewer: I think it's worth adding that detail then to at least highlight the signing over another signed transaction bit. Like showing that sequence of events.

- **End sponsorship**: Either the sponsor or sponsee can end a sponsorship at any time. The reserve burden returns to the object owner.

{% admonition type="warning" name="Warning" %}

> When ending account sponsorship, the sponsee must have enough XRP to cover the account reserve. If they do not, and the sponsor needs to exit the sponsorship relationship quickly, the sponsor can pay the sponsee the XRP needed. However, the sponsor will **not** get their reserve back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When ending account sponsorship, the sponsee must have enough XRP to cover the account reserve. If they do not, and the sponsor needs to exit the sponsorship relationship quickly, the sponsor can send XRP to the sponsee with the `Payment` transaction. However, the sponsor will **not** get their reserve back.
```
